‐ I love that they
tracked us down for an audition.
‐ I know. This is how all of
Heather Graham's dates start.
‐ Julie, Billy, welcome.
This is Gennifer from OpenTable.
‐ Oh, the website where people
make restaurant reservations?
‐ Now they're doing
original content.
Gennifer is their
VP of Development
and brunch reservations
for parties over four.
Gennifer's first directive
is to copy things
that work on other networks.
She talked my ear off
about it all morning.
Gennifer, you wanna explain?
‐ Mm.
‐ So they're doing
a New Year's Eve special
loosely inspired by CNN's
with Kathy Griffin
and Anderson Cooper.
We know from your guys'
dinner reservation history
that neither of you
have New Year's Eve plans.
‐ Not yet,
but 2018's gonna be different.
‐ Yeah.
‐ Sure.
Let's hear you guys be bubbly
and perky on various topics.
Go!
‐ Oh! Okay, I think
that we as a nation
moved on way too quickly
after Michael Douglas claimed
that Catherine Zeta‐Jones'
poor pussy gave him
throat cancer.
‐ Yes, but I think we spent
exactly the right amount of time
talking about how
Rebecca Gayheart,
Brandy and Caitlyn Jenner
all allegedly
killed people with their cars.
‐ Yes, think fun.
Think positive.
‐ Positive, positive.
‐ Fun and positive.
‐ Oh, HIV positive.
‐ Yes.
Here's the thing
about women with AIDS.
‐ We are good.
Thank you for coming in.
You didn't do
a very good job.
‐ No, we didn't.
‐ No, we really didn't.
[both laughing]
‐ [snores] Mm.
Can we order lunch?
‐ Okay, "Feud" season three,
Michael Douglas versus
Catherine Zeta‐Jones' pussy.
‐ Oh, I love it.
You know, you never sound gayer
than when you say
the word pussy.
‐ What? Pussy!
[driving punk rock music]
‐ Loose change, I'm home.
‐ Hey. How was Florida?
‐ A swampy hellscape
out of a dystopic crime novel.
Plus, it's either hot
or freezing.
Florida AC is nuts.
‐ Mm, yeah.
I hate air conditioning
that goes
from 100 to 0 in a second.
It's like the temperature
equivalent of
a Hitachi Magic Wand.
You know, ease me into it.
Play with my nipples.
‐ Plus, it's given me this
constant low‐grade cold.
Is the pizza on its way?
‐ Pizza?
I hope so.
‐ Credit sequence, I asked you
to order a pizza
when I landed at JFK.
‐ No, you didn't.
‐ Yes, I‐‐
It's okay. I don't wanna fight.
I'll order it.
It's just a stupid pizza.
‐ Well, there's no reason
to say that about pizza.
‐ Hey, guys.
‐ Greg peed, Jellybeans
fell asleep while
she was pooping.
‐ Atta girl!
[as Kate Hepburn] I did it,
Mother!
I'm a multitasker.
‐ See you next time.
High five.
All right.
‐ Bye, Dave.
‐ That new dog walker
is shady.
‐ He is not.
You're just not used to guys
who know what March Madness is.
Besides, it doesn't matter.
You're barely even here to‐‐
‐ [sighs]
‐ Forget it.
I don't wanna fight.
‐ I don't wanna fight, either.
‐ You wanna have sex?
‐ Sure. Pizza's on its way.
We have 30 minutes or less.
‐ Grab the Hitachi Magic Wand.
We can fit in an episode
of "Larry Sanders."
TODD: What are you doing
Thursday night?
BILLY: Trying to figure out
if that movie
"The Founder" really happened.
‐ Oh, let me save you
the trouble. It did not.
So now you're free to come
with me to a work thing.
‐ I don't know if I've ever
really gone with
a guy to his work thing before.
Unless you count Rentboy,
in which case his work
was really our thing.
Look, you don't wanna
take me anywhere
where I'm gonna have to
talk to a person
who isn't you, Julie,
or Andie MacDowell's Twitter.
Just do what any self‐respecting
gay in Hollywood would do:
bring Kelly Preston
and a confusing hair system.
[rock music]
‐ Hey, guys,
Denise and I are going
to a parenting retreat
in Scarsdale
so our baby grows up
knowing nothing practical
but is pressured to succeed.
So while we're gone,
the manager will be...
Matthew.
‐ Oh!
‐ No. Are you
fucking kidding me?
‐ Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
Oh, um, thank you so much!
Nate, I will not let you down.
In fact, recently
while recovering from
a Fire‐Island related fissure,
I saw an episode of
"Undercover Boss."
Which I assumed was about
bossy bottoms,
so I watched it for research.
You guys know I'm a top,
right?
‐ Oh, yeah. And I'm bi.
You fuckin' idiot.
‐ I'm a top.
‐ Don't dress up
as a new employee
and try to make
the business better.
‐ Okay, sure, Nate.
I won't do that.
‐ I'm serious.
‐ I won't do that at all,
Nate.
‐ Marilyn,
as a first‐time author,
you might find it hard getting
notes on your manuscript.
‐ Well, I didn't get to be
where I am
because I have a fragile ego.
‐ Okay. I was wondering
if we could swap
chapters two and three.
‐ Great idea, Dr. Mengele.
Especially if you don't
want the book
to make any fucking sense.
We're gonna keep the chapters
just the way they are.
Wait, why do you have
"Joy of Sex"?
‐ It's a reissue. It turns out
people are nostalgic for bush‐‐
both the administration
and beaver fur.
‐ This look familiar?
‐ Vaguely, but I haven't had sex
since my fling with Bob Durst.
Not to brag, but he said
anyone who sucks dick that well
deserves to die
of natural causes.
‐ Well, see this happy
cunnilingus recipient?
She'd be me.
‐ Bullshit! I bet you the most
bohemian thing you've ever done
is have a second spritzer
at a Debby Boone concert.
‐ Well, joke's on you.
Jews hate Debby Boone.
It was Phoebe Snow.
Look closer.
Look closer!
Ahh. Ah!
‐ Oh, my God.
That is you.
♪ ♪
‐ What did you decide to do
about Todd's work thing?
‐ Oh, I don't know.
I mean, I wanna go.
I just‐‐
I don't know what
I'm gonna say to these people.
‐ They're advertisers.
Just go in and be funny.
They'll eat it up
like Ben Affleck
at a nanny convention.
Be glad he doesn't
work for PBS.
Last year's Christmas party
was a tap water social.
‐ You're right. I'm gonna go.
‐ Good.
‐ I'm gonna do it.
So what's happening?
How's Arthur?
‐ Well, when he's home,
we wanna have sex,
but the sex we're having
is get it out of the way sex.
And I'd say something about it,
but I don't wanna fight.
'Cause that's the last thing
we need.
‐ Well, I'd argue that the last
thing we need
is another peep out of
the Duplass brothers.
‐ Oh, well, hello.
I'm Marionette.
I am the new employee here.
Oh, who will help me
learn the ways...
of this integrated
luncheonette?
‐ Is he "Undercover Bossing"?
‐ Yes, thank God.
Because that means I can
get out of work. Watch this.
Uh, hey, Marionette?
‐ Mm?
‐ I'm so sorry, dear,
Denise said that
you have to cover my shift.
‐ Sure thing, doll.
Um, who's Denise?
‐ Let's go see
the new Wes Anderson movie.
‐ Oh, yes.
I heard that a tumbleweed
just blows past a frame
full of Lego people
in a shoebox for three hours.
‐ Did they clean your ears
at the groomers, Jellybeans?
‐ [as Hepburn]
Yes, they did, Mother.
But I think they were plenty
velvety when I came in.
‐ Oh, no, no way, what?
No, no, it is them!
‐ Back off, Brock Turners!
‐ No, we just wanted a photo
of Football and Touchdown.
‐ What the fuck
are you talking about?
‐ Your dogs.
Football and Touchdown.
[scoffs] Dude, they're like
the two coolest
Instagram dog celebrities
in the sports world.
‐ No, they're not.
I hate sports.
‐ No, check it.
‐ Oh, my God.
Those are my dogs.
‐ Right? That's sick, dude.
Up top!
What the fuck was that?
‐ That piece of shit
dog walker.
He must've rebranded my pets
without my consent!
‐ Consent?
There's that word again, dude.
Like, why do chicks
keep using that?
‐ Hey, relax.
They're gonna love you.
‐ I know. I'm fine.
I feel confident
and I am in no way
uncomfortable.
‐ Nice.
[upbeat club music]
♪ ♪
‐ Welcome to Boobies.
‐ I am in every way
uncomfortable.
‐ Football and Touchdown?
Are you fucking kidding me?
I spent my whole life
avoiding sports.
Now look at me.
I'm sleeping with the enemy.
‐ [laughs]
‐ What are these?
‐ Oh, that's‐‐that's just‐‐
ah, we're doing a 38‐part
"Nova"
on the effects
of planetary alignment
on human sexuality.
‐ Ohh, well, kudos to PBS
for making sex boring.
‐ [laughs]
‐ "How to Spice Up
a Long Distance Relationship."
Arthur,
is this really for PBS?
‐ There's a suggestion
about role play in there
that seems interesting.
‐ Ugh! Role play? Gross.
That's just improv naked.
Like on "Modern Family,"
when Julie Bowen
pretends to be someone
slightly less boring
for Valentine's Day.
‐ I just wanna do
something special
before I leave on Wednesday.
‐ You told me you were
leaving on Thursday.
I canceled plans
for Wednesday night.
Forget it.
I don't wanna fight.
‐ I don't wanna
fight either. [coughs]
Excuse me.
‐ What do you think
of that new dog walker,
Jellybeans?
[as Hepburn]
I don't care for him.
Mommy and Daddy would never
make we wear
such vulgar uniforms.
‐ [coughs] Pageview,
what do you want for dinner?
‐ [as Hepburn]
You know, with that cold,
you sound like Bernie Sanders.
‐ [as Sanders]
Well, your Jellybeans voice
sounds like Blythe Danner.
‐ Blythe Danner?
I was hoping it was a bit more
Kate Hepburn.
‐ [as Sanders]
No, it's Blythe! Believe me.
‐ Say, Bernie,
what's it like to be Jewish?
‐ It's a hoot!
What's it like to be
not always out of breath,
you randy shiksa minx?
‐ I'll tell you later,
you slovenly Semitic
fire plug.
‐ Mm!
‐ I thought this would be
at a classier location.
Why are all these waitresses
walking around
with their tits out
like Helen Mirren?
‐ Well, Karen's the one
retiring
and Boobies is
her favorite restaurant.
‐ She's a little young
to be retiring, no?
‐ Oh, no. It's not her choice.
She turned 40.
That's the mandatory retirement
age for women in advertising.
‐ Hey, Todd!
‐ Hey!
‐ Hey, what's up, bro?
‐ Bruce, hey.
‐ Sam! You lost weight!
‐ Oh, no, Bruce.
This is Billy.
‐ Who's Sam?
‐ Nobody. My ex.
‐ That douche Sam ruined
our office Christmas party.
Good thing Karen took off her
top and we all had a good laugh
at her ancient melons.
‐ You know, I'm new to
the Boobies culinary experience.
Perhaps there's a sommelier
that I can motorboat.
‐ Uhh‐‐
‐ Oh, I was joking.
‐ Weird joke.
‐ Hi, I'm David's wife.
‐ Oh, hi.
‐ You must be Todd's boyfriend.
Let's leave the boys alone
and I'll introduce you
to the other wives.
‐ Wait‐‐okay.
‐ This is Lance's wife.
This is Keith's wife.
Andrew's wife
and Adam's boyfriend.
‐ Lyle, right? We met.
‐ Adam's boyfriend's fine.
‐ All right, well.
It was great to meet you guys.
‐ It's probably better
you stay here with us.
You don't wanna Sam this up.
‐ [chuckles]
‐ What happened with Sam?
‐ He didn't really
know his place.
We're the wives.
Let them be the stars.
‐ Yeah, he kept telling
jokes all the time.
It's like, cool it, Paul Reiser.
‐ So, Billy, what do you do?
‐ Actually, I'm a co‐‐
Um‐‐
You know what?
You can just call me
Todd's boyfriend.
all: Aww.
‐ Yay!
‐ They sat you at
the wifey table?
‐ Yeah, and now
I'm feeling pressure
to be as supportive to Todd
as they are of their spouses.
Because that's all
they talk about.
And I don't know
what Todd's ex‐boyfriend did,
but whatever he did,
he really blew it
at those parties.
‐ Well, can't you just
pretend to be supportive
so you get what you want?
I'm not Blythe Danner,
but she had
the sex of her life last night
with Bernie Sanders.
‐ That's the thing.
You're getting fucked.
I'm just standing there,
laughing at non‐jokes.
I've been miscast.
‐ It's a trend!
My adorably faggy dogs have
been miscast as sports fans.
‐ How many Instagram followers
do they have now?
‐ Last time I checked,
something like 60,000.
‐ Wow.
‐ What kind of world is this
that we live in
where my dogs
have more Instagram followers
than I'll ever have?
‐ These Internet celebrity
animals, that's a gold mine.
Why don't you Google,
"Grumpy Cat owner
annual income"?
‐ My God.
Holy shit, Billy.
You're right.
Where does someone that rich
even live?
‐ Where does Oprah live?
Montecito?
‐ Oh, Billy.
Oprah doesn't live in Montecito.
She lives on...
♪ ♪
BOTH: ♪ Easy street ♪
♪ Easy street ♪
♪ Where the rich folks play ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Move them feet ♪
♪ To easy street ♪
♪ That's where we're gonna ♪
♪ Be ♪
♪ ♪
‐ Surprise.
I brought you a hot wing
chicken casserole.
‐ Oh! W‐why?
‐ Just 'cause.
Hey, while I'm here,
how do I get two Internet famous
dogs to be in a TV commercial?
Julie is‐‐
and I don't mean this sexually‐‐
I think she's sitting
on the next Grumpy Cat.
‐ Holy shit, it's Touchdown
and Football.
Those dogs are fuckin'
hysterical.
‐ Your wife said
you knew funny.
‐ Bruce, do we have any
campaigns they'd be good for?
‐ How about fuckin' all of them?
If you can make them
more than Internet famous,
you can make enough money
where you can retire at‐‐
how old are you?
56?
Get them on TV.
I'll take it from there.
‐ Wow. If any Internet celebrity
could get a TV show that easily,
Miranda Sings would have
her own series on Netflix.
‐ Mm.
‐ But she does.
‐ I'm so sorry.
I'm so stupid.
I should leave the comedy
to you guys.
Bye!
‐ Bye.
‐ Bruce, don't touch that.
‐ Hey, Mom, does Dad
still do taxes for ESPN?
I know these two up‐and‐comers
in the sports world
and I really need a connection.
Are you reading
"The Joy of Sex"?
‐ Did you know this is me?
‐ [screams]
Oh, my God!
Mom, what the hell?!
‐ Oh, your mother was
a different woman in the '70s.
This was pre‐AIDS
and post‐"I Dream of Jeannie."
‐ Okay, you know what?
Just have Dad call me.
‐ I just miss
the free spirit I was
before your birth stopped it
dead in its tracks.
‐ Are you contemplating
an affair?
I told you,
Michael Bublé is married.
‐ No, I just wanna feel
like who I was
isn't gone forever.
‐ Well, good luck, Mom.
I'm sure you'll
track that person down.
‐ You mean Dusty.
That's him I'm making love to
in these illustrations.
I wonder where he is.
And if you're wondering
how I got that into here,
short answer: trapeze class.
‐ Oh, my God!
Why did I turn around?!
♪ ♪
So my dad heard back
from ESPN.
They have this show
that's about sports
that's on after the sports
where people talk about sports.
I don't know. It sounds like
"Watch What Happens Live"
for straight people.
‐ I just don't wanna pull
a Dennis Miller.
‐ That could mean
so many bad things.
‐ If we're gonna go on TV
and talk about sports,
we need to know
what we're talking about.
‐ Let's start studying.
[claps]
All right, you dogs,
sit up straight like
you're excited to be on TV.
‐ Are we gonna do anything
besides this
for my last night in town?
‐ [as Blythe]
Gee, I don't know, Bernie.
We could do what I planned
to do Wednesday night
but canceled because I thought
you'd still be in town.
‐ [as Bernie]
What plans are those, Blythe?
Complaining to the dogs
in the bathroom
or complaining to the dogs
in the kitchen?
‐ [as Blythe]
Speaking of the dogs,
I can't help but notice
how unsympathetic you've been
around this whole
Instagram debacle.
‐ [as Bernie]
It's too bad nobody said,
"I got a bad feeling
about that dog walker."
Oh, right, I did.
‐ It's all coming out now,
Bernie,
you Ben & Jerry's guzzling
piece of shit!
Where's your fucking podium,
Bern, to save you now?
‐ [as Bernie] Do you realize
how much harder
my job is in Florida?
Judy Woodruff
keeps skipping work
to ride Space Mountain!
‐ [as Blythe] I'm sick of you
taking care of everybody
in the world but me.
[normal voice]
Oh, Arthur.
This is so stupid.
Role playing for arguing
is fucking idiotic.
‐ Okay, let's retire
Bernie and Blythe.
I'm sorry that my travel
schedule has made sex
just another item
to check off my to‐do list
like buy more cream cheese.
Where does that go,
by the way?
You use that as a lotion?
‐ No, I just eat a lot of it.
‐ Let's go back
to the way things were?
‐ Yeah, I like that idea.
When we fuck, we fuck.
And when we fight,
we fight about
you fucking up.
♪ ♪
‐ What the hell?
‐ Oh, hello, young man.
How many are in your party?
‐ Matthew, what did I tell you
about "Undercover Bossing"?
‐ [laughing]
But who is Matthew?
I am Marionette.
‐ Where's Lola?
Where's Billy?
‐ Oh, they gave themselves
the night off,
and I fell a little behind,
as you can see.
You must understand,
my mother died from a sandwich
before she could teach me
how to clean.
And here is more
of my back story:
you see, I have a teeny,
tiny tear in my clitoral hood‐‐
‐ Matthew!
‐ From horseback riding
in England,
where I'm from.
[exaggerated accent] So why
the Southern accent, you ask?
‐ From now on, we're just
gonna close the cafe
instead of leaving you
in charge.
‐ All right. Um, by the way,
there is $1,000 missing
from the cash register.
Toodley‐doo!
‐ Can't believe Karen
killed herself.
‐ Only one day into retirement.
‐ "Happy Funeral, Karen."
Well, I wonder who thought
of that snappy copy.
‐ My husband.
I don't wanna brag,
but have you all seen
his new Lean Cuisine spots
where the single woman
makes a noose out of linguini?
[light chuckles]
‐ Well, have you seen
my husband's commercial
for lady razors
where the woman's a gorilla
and she gets shot like Harambe?
‐ Well, my husband's cock
is huge.
‐ So how about you guys?
Any of you have jobs
or interests or something?
‐ There's only room for one
personality in a relationship.
‐ You know it's working
when you vanish.
It's like my husband's
spot for Yoplait
where the woman gets so thin
that she disappears
and the man says, "Now that's
a wife I don't wanna punch."
[laughter]
‐ I can't fucking do this.
Excuse me.
Todd, if I have to spend
one more second
at the fucking wifey table,
I'm gonna lose my mind.
It's like gay "Get Out."
And by the way, everyone‐‐
is everyone listening?
Boobies was not Karen's
favorite restaurant!
‐ Well, another fucking party
ruined by Sam.
‐ Billy! Hey, Billy!
Wait. What the hell
happened back there?
‐ Look, work things and being
the quiet, supportive boyfriend,
that is not me, okay?
I'm Billy Epstein,
I am not Billy‐Yi Previn.
‐ Whoever asked you to be
the quiet, supportive boyfriend?
‐ Well, that's why you
broke up with Sam, right?
Because he wasn't that.
‐ I broke up with Sam
because he took a shit
in my boss' office.
Don't fucking overthink this.
I brought you because
you're the first boyfriend
I'm actually excited
about showing off.
‐ Well, that's not true,
because you brought Sam.
‐ No, Sam showed up.
He crashed an office party.
Wait, is that why
you showed up at my office
with half‐frozen chicken wings?
Bob from Accounting's still on
the fucking toilet
from eating those.
‐ Well, that's not my fault
because they don't tell you
how long to keep them
in the microwave
because they just assume
that you're gonna put them
in the oven.
‐ [sighs]
Um, I don't want you
to be anybody
but your asshole self.
I like you
for the asshole you are.
‐ I'm telling you, though.
If I ever have to sit
with the wifeys again,
I'm gonna take a shit
in your office.
‐ Fair.
‐ [sighs]
Ugh.
‐ What?
‐ I can't believe
I wasted this suit on Karen.
‐ Dusty?
‐ Marigold.
‐ Oh!
‐ Wow, wow, wow, wow!
‐ [laughing] Hi.
‐ I'm so glad
you tracked me down.
‐ Oh, well, thank you
for meeting me.
‐ Well, thank you for leaving
your number
at the juice bar where
I get my mail.
‐ Oh, well, of course.
Why don't you have a phone?
‐ Ah, freedom, Marigold.
I'm a bird,
constantly taking wing.
I mean, there's no need
for a landline
if you never really land.
‐ Oh.
‐ Do you mind if I‐‐sort of‐‐
vibe over here?
‐ Oh, well, actually, I‐‐I‐‐
I‐‐I‐‐I, um‐‐
‐ Ooh, ooh, ooh.
‐ Are you kidding?
‐ Does that ring any bells, huh?
‐ Just an internal siren.
‐ Oh.
Do you remember when
both your legs fell asleep
when we were in the entangled
hammock position?
‐ Oh, my God, the tangled ham‐‐
What was that illustrator
even doing?
‐ I‐‐you know,
sharpening his pencils?
You know, I mean, obviously,
he didn't have to
hold the position
for an hour and a half,
right?
‐ Oh...[murmurs].
‐ You know?
‐ Dusty, can I ask you
a question?
‐ Patchouli and mold.
You get used to it.
‐ Do you ever miss
our wild, crazy youth?
‐ No, I don't, man.
I'm unburdened, Marigold.
You know? Always have been,
always will be.
‐ Oh.
‐ You know? Yeah.
‐ You are so lucky.
I have a family.
‐ Mm‐hmm.
‐ I have a practice.
‐ Practice. Ooh.
‐ I've got a mortgage.
‐ Does that mean
you have a house?
‐ Yes.
‐ What‐‐with a roof?
‐ Well, of course.
‐ Holy‐‐Can I crash with you
if it snows?
‐ What? No!
‐ I understand.
Then if it snows...
could you buy me
a bottle of chocolate syrup
to pour on the snow
for my breakfast?
‐ Get a job!
‐ Oh, my God. I can't believe
that our first ever talk show
appearance is on ESPN
and that the project
we're plugging is my dogs.
‐ That's a lot of soda.
‐ I know.
I get nervous.
This helps, for some reason.
[burps] Oh, my God.
Excuse me.
I know‐‐
‐ Very relatable.
‐ Hey, hey! Football! Touchdown!
‐ Oh, hey!
Yeah, winning! Right? Yeah.
Uh, what do they say in
football?
Oh, tailgate. Tailgate!
‐ Yeah.
‐ Yep, dice,
nothing but Netflix.
‐ [burps] Oh, my God.
Excuse me.
I've had a lot of soda.
Uh, can I just run
to the ladies room, real quick?
‐ Oh, absolutely.
Right this way, Billy.
‐ Okay, let's go, guys.
Football and Touchdown.
‐ Football, Touchdown.
‐ Football and Touchdown!
‐ Get on up!
‐ Let's go, Football
and Touchdown.
‐ Come on, let's go!
‐ Look, Football and Touchdown,
they are raring to go.
‐ So, you big sports fans?
‐ Oh, my God.
Huge. Me and Julie, both.
You know, some people
know things about movies and TV
like who won
the Best Supporting
Actress Oscar this year.
Not us. It's all sports,
all the time.
‐ Who did win?
Oh, Michelle Williams.
‐ It's Viola Davis. Wasn't it?
Yes, it was. Yes.
‐ Okay, they need to get
a mic level.
Billy, can you count?
‐ Oh, sure, yeah.
Ten, nine, eight‐‐
JULIE: Of course I hate sports.
I hate them all.
We both do.
Oh, those stupid hosts‐‐
Rape Rapely
and
She Was Asking For It Jones.
God, I wish I could
kill them all.
[burps]
Oh, and the burping.
‐ Is that your friend
who just accused us both
of sexual assault
on a hot mic?
‐ Yeah. She just jinxed,
and I'm not talking about
the 1982 Bette Midler film.
It wasn't Bette's finest hour,
but she didn't get the offer
she expected to
after "The Rose."
‐ Get the fuck out of here.
‐ Fine. Let's go, dogs.
Let's go.
I don't remember your names.
‐ Fuck those dogs.
So, hey, how's your cousin
Karen doing since she retired?
‐ Oh, you didn't hear?
She committed suicide.
‐ Hey, what are you doing
back here‐‐
Oh, no.
They heard me, didn't they?
‐ They sure did.
‐ [sighs]
Well, good thing I only peed.
Hey, are you hungry?
You wanna do wings at Boobies?
‐ I can do Boobies.
‐ Let's do Boobies!
MAN: Wow!
♪ Thought it'd be easy ♪
♪ Thought they didn't know ♪
♪ You thought it was
the only way to go ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Another way out ♪
♪ Found on the way home ♪
♪ Thought you were living fast ♪
♪ But you were living slow ♪
♪ ♪
WOMAN: La la la.
Oh, my God!